Hi. Welcome to the introduction to the data warehouses course.
In this course we will be learning about data warehouses,
their purpose, different architectures,
and technologies used to build data warehouses.
The prerequisites for this course are as follows,
you need to have a basic knowledge of
relational database design and the SQL query language,
and then you need to know a little bit of Python,
because we're using that in Jupiter Notebooks,
and basic familiarity with dimensional modeling and
we are reiterating a number of examples here.
So, this is the plan of our lesson here.
The first thing we will do is that we'll looking at data warehouses from
a business perspective and then from a technical perspective.
Then we're going to take a look at the dimensional modeling.
Then we will see different architectures and then we'll talk about OLAP cubes,
and finally we'll look at the storage technologies.